Add docs on how to change the configuration (#240)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: docs/setup/install.md

kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/releases/download/$VERSION/manifests.yaml
```

## Install a custom-configured released version

To install a custom-configured released version of Kueue in your cluster, execute the following steps: 

1. Download the release's `manifests.yaml` file using the following command:

```shell
VERSION=v0.1.0
wget https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/releases/download/$VERSION/manifests.yaml
```
2. Using your favourite editor, open `manifests.yaml` and edit the `kueue-manager-config` 
ConfigMap manifest, specifically edit the `controller_manager_config.yaml` data entry which represents
the default Kueue Configuration struct ([v1alpha1@v0.1.0](https://pkg.go.dev/sigs.k8s.io/kueue@v0.1.0/apis/config/v1alpha1#Configuration)).

> 3. Apply the customized manifests to the cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To apply the customized manifests to the cluster, run the following command:
```

kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/releases/download/$VERSION/manifests.yaml
```

## Install a custom-configured released version

To install a custom-configured released version of Kueue in your cluster, execute the following steps: 

> First, download the release's `manifests.yaml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the release's `manifests.yaml` file using the following command:
```

```shell
VERSION=v0.1.0
wget https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/releases/download/$VERSION/manifests.yaml
```

Second, with your favourite editor open `manifests.yaml` and edit the `kueue-manager-config` 

> ConfigMap manifest, specifically edit the `controller_manager_config.yaml` data entry which represents

Reviewer: Probably worth an example?

Author: should we add that in a separate config.md file?

Author: similar to https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/scheduling/config/

Reviewer: That would make sense as we add more configuration complexity in the future. But for now, I'm just not sure the way you are referring to the data entry is clear enough. So an example would clarify what users should look for.

Maybe there could be a phrase such as:

```
The contents of the ConfigMap are similar to the following:
```

Author: > That would make sense as we add more configuration complexity in the future

My thinking is that we need to emphasize the importance of the `manageJobsWithoutQueueName` flag. May be we should just leave it to the API docs?

kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/releases/download/$VERSION/manifests.yaml
```

## Install a custom-configured released version

To install a custom-configured released version of Kueue in your cluster, execute the following steps: 

1. Download the release's `manifests.yaml` file using the following command:

```shell
VERSION=v0.1.0
wget https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/releases/download/$VERSION/manifests.yaml
```
2. Using your favourite editor, open `manifests.yaml` and edit the `kueue-manager-config` 
ConfigMap manifest, specifically edit the `controller_manager_config.yaml` data entry which represents
the default Kueue Configuration 
struct ([v1alpha1@v0.1.0](https://pkg.go.dev/sigs.k8s.io/kueue@v0.1.0/apis/config/v1alpha1#Configuration)).

> The contents of the ConfigMap are similar to the following:

Reviewer: These are the contents of a field of the ConfigMap, not the ConfigMap :)

I think we can just document the ConfigMap here, and leave the contents of the Configuration to a separate config doc.

Author: ok, but we still need to put a sample configuration, see how it looks now.

kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/releases/download/$VERSION/manifests.yaml
```

> ## Install a custom-configured released version

Author: No really, it is custom "configured", the configuration is the custom, not the release itself.

To install a custom-configured released version of Kueue in your cluster, execute the following steps: 

> 1. Download the release's `manifests.yaml` file using the following command:

Author: done.

```shell
VERSION=v0.1.0
wget https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/releases/download/$VERSION/manifests.yaml
```

> 2. Using your favourite editor, open `manifests.yaml` and edit the `kueue-manager-config` 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. With an editor of your preference, open `manifests.yaml`.
3. In the `kueue-manager-config` 
```

> ConfigMap manifest, specifically edit the `controller_manager_config.yaml` data entry which represents

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ConfigMap manifest, edit the `controller_manager_config.yaml` data entry. This entry represents
```

Author: done.

the default Kueue Configuration 
struct ([v1alpha1@v0.1.0](https://pkg.go.dev/sigs.k8s.io/kueue@v0.1.0/apis/config/v1alpha1#Configuration)).
The contents of the ConfigMap are similar to the following:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: kueue-manager-config
  namespace: kueue-system
data:
  controller_manager_config.yaml: |
    apiVersion: config.kueue.x-k8s.io/v1alpha1
    kind: Configuration
    health:
      healthProbeBindAddress: :8081
    metrics:
      bindAddress: :8080
    webhook:
      port: 9443
    manageJobsWithoutQueueName: true
```

> 3. To apply the customized manifests to the cluster, run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Apply the customized manifests to the cluster:
```

Author: done.
